ADDISON JOYCE, CCHN(C)

963 E. Main, Edmonton, Alberta T6K 0W9
780-555-5220 • a.joy@myisp.com

QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY
Dedicated and patient-focused Registered Nurse with proven expertise in acute patient care, staff
development, and family advocacy.
Exceptional capacity to multi-task: manage competing priorities with ease while fostering
delivery of superior patient care.
Solid administrative and referral experience includes admissions, assessment, treatment,
referral, and education for a broad range of patients.
Demonstrated ability to forge, lead, and motivate outstanding healthcare teams that provide
top-quality patient care.
Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills; superior accuracy in patient history,
charting, and other documentation.
Possess current practice permit (College and Association of Registered Nurses of Alberta).
Competencies and Proficiencies

Ventilator care
Telemetry
Intravenous therapy
Phlebotomy
Basic life support

Med/Surg
ICU and CCU
ER Procedures
Triple lumen CVP
AV fistulas

Care plan administration
NG/Sump and Peg tubes
Patient/family education
Training and inservices
Meditech documentation

CAREER EXPERIENCE
MAPLE CREEK CENTRAL HOSPITAL, Edmonton, Alberta
2006−Present
Staff Nurse, Intensive Care Unit
Care for patients with life-threatening illnesses, including acute congestive failure, acute myocardial
infarction, drug overdose, massive trauma, respiratory failure, and disseminated intravascular
coagulopathy. Promote health and support patients and families in coping with illness. Skilled in
bedside monitoring, 12-lead EKG, and Bennett 7600 ventilator.
• Provide strong contributions as key member of unit quality assurance program designed to
identify and evaluate problems, manage patient census, and allocate staff assignments.
• Exhibit motivation and dedication by providing the highest quality of care to each patient.
O’FLANNERY MEDICAL CENTRE, Edmonton, Alberta
2003−2006
Emergency Staff Nurse
Provided care for patients suffering from trauma, acute chest pain, respiratory failure/complaints,
drug overdoses, and gastrointestinal bleeds. Acquired and recorded patient information. Prepared
patients for surgical and radiological procedures, initiated and maintained intravenous therapy, and
operated 12-lead EKG.
• Contributed substantially to successfully extending accreditation.
• Implemented and co-ordinated ongoing staff education program.


BERKELEY HEALTH GROUP, Calgary, Alberta
Registered Nurse
1998−2002
Delivered a complete range of RN services and expertise. Accurately obtained and documented
patient history and medication lists, assessed individual conditions and needs, and selected
departmental referrals for acute and chronically ill patients. Prepared equipment and assisted
physicians during patient examinations and treatments. Monitored patient reactions to drugs and
carefully documented progress of individuals participating in clinical trials.
• Repeatedly commended by patients and supervisors for outstanding quality of care; received
consistent mention in care-survey responses.
• Maintained a high degree of accuracy to achieve optimal patient acuity monitoring.
• Significantly improved facility’s public image by ensuring exceptional patient satisfaction.
KEILLOR MANOR, Calgary, Alberta
1996−1998
Registered Nurse
Provided triage, referrals, direct nursing care, and medication administration to incarcerated
population. Organized and managed regular clinics involving external physicians, including
ophthalmology, ENT, Med/Surg, orthopedics, and podiatry professionals. Scheduled and managed
external medical consultations in concert with security and other necessary personnel. Created,
managed, and maintained patient medical and health records.
• Selected to serve as Infection Control Coordinator, maintaining tuberculosis and hepatitis
standards and conducted screenings and preventive activities.
• Organized and facilitated meetings with security managers to ensure infection-control policy
compliance.

EDUCATION AND CREDENTIALS
Bachelor of Nursing Regular Track, BNRT (1996)
THE UNIVERSITY OF CALGARY — Calgary, Alberta
Certification / Associations
CCHN(C) — Certified in Community Health Nursing (C)anada
Member, Community Health Nurses Association of Canada (CHNAC)
Member, Alberta Association of Registered Nurses (AARN)


